---
layout: default
title:  "Credits2"
categories: jekyll update
---

`weatherData` is a collection of functions that will fetch weather (Temperature, Pressure, Humidity etc.) data from the Web for you as clean data frame.

If you want to perform weather Analysis, but don't wish to be bothered with
scraping the data yourself, you can consider using `weatherData`.

### Uses of WeatherData

 `WeatherCompare` is [a Shiny App](http://spark.rstudio.com/ram/WeatherCompare/) that uses the data brought over by weatherData and then summarized in various ways.

 Joe Rickert of `Revolution Analytics` has written a [blog post with a sample script that uses `weatherData`](http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/2014/02/r-and-the-weather.html). Do check it out.

##Two Installation Options

You can install the version from CRAN, or you can try out the version hosted in Github. Github has the development version, where I am trying out the newer functions.



### Suggestions

Suggestions are welcome! If you would have a particular need for weather data,
let me know what changes you'd like to see in the package. If you find bugs, please do report it. Fetching data from the web can be fragile. Please consider submitting an Issue.


<h3>
<a name="credits" class="anchor" href="#credits"><span class="octicon octicon-link"></span></a>Credits</h3>

<p>A number of people have helped with suggestions and pointers.</p>

<ul>
<li>Luca Foschini &amp; Alessio Signorini</li>
<li>Felipe Carillo</li>
<li>Edward P. Morris</li>
<li>Martin Lavoie</li>
<li>asdfMartin Lavoie</li>

</ul>


You'll find this post in your `_posts` directory - edit this post and re-build (or run with the `-w` switch) to see your changes!
To add new posts, simply add a file in the `_posts` directory that follows the convention: YYYY-MM-DD-name-of-post.ext.

Jekyll also offers powerful support for code snippets:

{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  puts "Hi, #{name}"
end
print_hi('Tom')
#=> prints 'Hi, Tom' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

